
#Banksier bushes taste a lot like honey when licked.

#Far to the north-east, in the midst of a vast swamp, like the uninhabited
ruins of a powerful wizard's castle.

#A drunk bard sits in a corner of the tavern spinning a seemingly endless
tale, but no one is listening.

#Wells throughout the city often provide access to hidden dens and
underground passages.

#An officer of some rank commandeers one corner of the bar to lecture on the
ultimate range of his adventures. The crowd ignores him.

#To the east of Ille Coronos lies a gleaming castle of gold that shifts its 
location from time to time.

#A weird looking wizard, dressed all in black, sits alone and mumbles into 
his ale, "I'll return next time and show them all!"

#Great treasures are to be found on the banks of the Barren River as one 
ventures toward Darken Mountain.

#A very powerful and clever undead creature controls the graveyard.

#A puzzled patron with a limited vocabulary questions everyone he comes 
across about how to complete a manuscript dated The Age of Might, 936. 
Unfortunately, no one can help him.

#To the west lives a tribe of insect-men who worship normal men and give 
them valuable gifts to all who visit them.

#Darken Mountain is inhabited by a race of evil elves who plan to rule the 
surface world, starting with Ille Coronos.

#A bedraggled adventurer decries, "There was a man called turtle, walls that 
aren't there, living daggers; I never did figure out what was going on!"

#Ogres who live to the north of Ebony are holding captive a princess for 
whom a huge reward has been offered.

#The merchants of Ille Coronos are setting up a trading base far to the 
west. They're hiring caravan guards for good wages.

#Buccaneers operate a slave auction out of a hidden camp near the city 
Scian.

#An old sage sits in a corner with a dark wizard. "You're right," laughs the 
sage, "they'll do anything I tell them to, no matter how silly or
fantastic."

#Off to the east of the city roams a tribe of marauding nomads; refugees 
from the IronHand war. They have been pillaging villages in the plains with 
the help of a powerful artefact they have discovered.

#Mighty tribes of wild dwarves, thousands of them, roam the Western Peaks, 
destroying villagers and killing travellers.

#"I was totally confused; it was like being lost in the darkness," sighed 
the overwrought adventurer. "Rabbits, hats, bowling balls? Where in the 
realms was I?"

#The monsters under the city Ille Coronos are led by one of the generals who 
sacked it when it was known as WhiteStarr. The general has used great magic 
to make himself immortal.


#A vast fortress of kobolds dominates the western tip of the great swamp to 
the north. These normally weak creatures grow to a great size and have 
extraordinary powers here. Some say they are the first wave of a new drow 
attack against Ille Coronos.





